site:{TARGET} inurl:admin
site:{TARGET} inurl:login
site:{TARGET} inurl:admin/login
site:{TARGET} intitle:"Admin Login"
site:{TARGET} "admin panel"
site:{TARGET} "sign in"
ip:{TARGET} ext:conf OR ext:config
site:{TARGET} ext:conf
site:{TARGET} ext:config
site:{TARGET} "configuration file"
site:{TARGET} ext:ini OR ext:env
site:{TARGET} inurl:settings
site:{TARGET} filetype:php
site:{TARGET} filetype:asp
site:{TARGET} filetype:jsp
site:{TARGET} filetype:log
site:{TARGET} filetype:sql
site:{TARGET} filetype:xml
site:{TARGET} filetype:json
site:{TARGET} filetype:docx
site:{TARGET} filetype:xlsx
site:{TARGET} filetype:pdf
site:{TARGET} filetype:bak
site:{TARGET} intitle:"Index of"
site:{TARGET} intitle:"Directory listing"
site:{TARGET} intitle:"Parent Directory"
site:{TARGET} inurl:backup
site:{TARGET} inurl:old
site:{TARGET} inurl:archive
site:{TARGET} "Index of /"
site:{TARGET} "password file"
site:{TARGET} "credentials"
site:{TARGET} "API key"
site:{TARGET} "secret key"
site:{TARGET} "token"
site:{TARGET} "username"
site:{TARGET} "db_password"
site:{TARGET} "ftp password"
site:{TARGET} "ssh password"
site:{TARGET} "phpinfo()"
site:{TARGET} "test.php"
site:{TARGET} inurl:debug
site:{TARGET} "error_log"
site:{TARGET} ext:sql "dump"
site:{TARGET} "database error"
site:{TARGET} inurl:uploads
site:{TARGET} inurl:files
site:{TARGET} inurl:documents
site:{TARGET} ext:log
site:{TARGET} "uploaded files"
site:{TARGET} ext:zip
site:{TARGET} ext:rar
site:{TARGET} "backup.zip"
site:{TARGET} "backup.tar"
site:{TARGET} "@{TARGET}"
site:{TARGET} "contact us"
site:{TARGET} "email address"
site:{TARGET} "webmaster"
site:{TARGET} "support"
site:{TARGET} inurl:api
site:{TARGET} inurl:callback
site:{TARGET} inurl:webhook
site:{TARGET} ext:json inurl:api
site:{TARGET} "google analytics"
site:{TARGET} "tracking id"
site:{TARGET} inurl:social
site:{TARGET} inurl:share
ip:{TARGET} "camera"
ip:{TARGET} inurl:webcam
ip:{TARGET} inurl:login.cgi
ip:{TARGET} inurl:stream
ip:{TARGET} ext:cgi
site:{TARGET} ext:py
site:{TARGET} ext:java
site:{TARGET} ext:js
site:{TARGET} ext:rb
site:{TARGET} "source code"
site:{TARGET} "repository"
site:{TARGET} inurl:git
site:{TARGET} inurl:svn
site:{TARGET} inurl:wp-content
site:{TARGET} inurl:wp-includes
site:{TARGET} inurl:admin
site:{TARGET} inurl:private
site:{TARGET} inurl:config
site:{TARGET} "error"
site:{TARGET} "404 Not Found"
site:{TARGET} "500 Internal Server Error"
site:{TARGET} "Access Denied"
site:{TARGET} "not authorized"
site:{TARGET} "Welcome to"
site:{TARGET} "It works!"
site:{TARGET} "Under Construction"
site:{TARGET} "default page"
site:{TARGET} intitle:"Welcome"
